The Malaga football club presented this Friday, August 12 before the
media in the press room of the stadium la rosaleda fernando
ruiz irro as new general manager of the entity escorted by the members
from the club's advisory board, el veleño was very happy to form
part of the blue and white project the next four seasons the former
player of Real Madrid the Spanish team arrives in Malaga after
have been a participant in the last four years at the head of the management
sports of the real Spanish football federation of the successes of
combined national champion of europe in 2008 and world champion in 2010 the
Malaga and faces in Malaga a new challenge and does it in his house where always
I wanted to go back
I really always had clear
if he could not be like a player who some day
jose now in this case as a rule nobody has been better a future
contract whatever
someday we do not have to find a party now
sada happy happy blockade situation by
for this decision that
I'm from Malaga
very proud of his land where aside again I repeat not be anyone doubt the
involvement and commitment to this club I think that
that I took away a lesser penalty cent stressed
iron will be the new manager of the club and play breakdowns tasks in this
new project good the demand of the general r I think it should
this sporting plot did not occur within the sports field
which could offer for four years but also the relations
with the federation the relations with the professional football league with the
institution is sporting with
a mourinho maría uribe we have a very nice challenge ahead of the world eto'o
exciting ahead of him and a responsibility he
and surely not go
my implication my commitment is the fact of being able to come to
help during these four years base plus I think that no doubt no one my
commitment and involvement more than more human only the sporting plot is
he set up the parcels of the club the sailor was very happy with the illusion
that people demonstrate and believes that the team has enough capacity to
respond well to the public
but I think that more than pressure he deluded
we in that sense have clear that not the case rather to have the
illusion of dreaming of in that positive and think what to be optimistic that the
things questioned
from there we know that we are doing somo street project much more
consolidated but
but that we do not rule out anything
motocross omc as passionate and we understand that here we are positive and
optimist is not face tudo
with the arrival of fernando hierro at málaga football club, the
payroll of great illustrious professional names that will collaborate to
help grow málaga
in his new project